Tim Sackton: So, as I said, this is more, I mean, This is probably not…
Tim Sackton: Super long, although it's already 9.15, so, but…
Tim Sackton: I wanted to have a chance to properly play out the denouement and…
Tim Sackton: Info dump and, like, just the kind of end of the… battle.
Tim Sackton: Talking to people, In order to set up the next thing.
Tim Sackton: So let me share my music.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so we pick up… the… Afternoon, evening… After the battle.
Tim Sackton: The Battle of the Heartroot Vale.
Tim Sackton: Starring Kenzo the Silver Dragon.
Tim Sackton: Among others.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was amazing.
Tim Sackton: as…
David S. Kong: Press there, Doc.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, true.
Tim Sackton: It's our tops.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker 5 RIP.
Tim Sackton: Seeker 5… Yes. Seeker discovering his perfect…
Tim Sackton: Combat setup. Protected by a force cage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Always.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or nearly so.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it was great up until the wave of burning water crashed into you.
Tim Sackton: So… After you defeated the Empress of Chaos.
Tim Sackton: And flew back to the battle, with your… Silver Dragon ally.
Tim Sackton: the tide of battle quickly shifted, and over the course of the afternoon, the defenders of Orbez, the lizardfolk, the hippopotamuses, the…
Tim Sackton: Rangers and archers.
Tim Sackton: We're eventually able to not… without… At times, heavy casualties, but…
Tim Sackton: Many were protected by the fact that
Tim Sackton: When they die in hippo form, they don't actually die, they just refer to their human form.
Tim Sackton: Others by… saved by the…
Tim Sackton: illusory dragon that started the battle, or the silver dragon that ended the battle.
Tim Sackton: And over the course of the afternoon, the hobgoblin lines break.
Tim Sackton: the Rangers… Harry and chase them.
Tim Sackton: Driving the few survivors from the Valley.
Tim Sackton: Towards the cliff edge.
Tim Sackton: Only to be met by the marching Stoneborne army coming from the south.
Tim Sackton: who provides the definitive final victory against the Hobgoblin troops. Now, many
Tim Sackton: Stand and fight to the end, but many realizing their fate scatter in various directions.
Tim Sackton: Flee up into the mountains, flee to the north.
Tim Sackton: It is… not possible to… well, not straightforward to hunt down every loose end. But… for now, anyway, for the foreseeable future.
Tim Sackton: Barbad's in the heart route is safe.
Tim Sackton: And so we gather, we begin, as a few… Folks, rangers, and others.
Tim Sackton: Gather… In the late afternoon sun, as the…
Tim Sackton: Sun begins to sink into the sky, and campfires spring up in the… Protected, sheltered valleys
Tim Sackton: Just south of the battlefield itself, the sort of…
Tim Sackton: a place where this stream that flows through the valley of the heart rate, meets,
Tim Sackton: meets the river that… that goes on to…
Tim Sackton: And… you find yourself… Sitting around a campfire.
Tim Sackton: The four of you.
Tim Sackton: As, you know, a constant stream of visitors comes by to…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Congratulate and thank you to…
Tim Sackton: Bring you well wishes, and… A stream of food and… drink, and… Thanks and gratitude.
Tim Sackton: Some rangers drift through your crew, Hector and Marcella reconnect.
Tim Sackton: And… At this point, I mean, any…
Tim Sackton: anybody you want to talk to, any… and sort of leaving a space open for any kind of…
Tim Sackton: Role-playing moments.
David S. Kong: Kenzo actually,
David S. Kong: after the battle, I'm not sure when the right time for this, but, kenzo wants to go back… goes back to the heart route, and, like…
David S. Kong: Spends a bunch of time there, kinda… Yeah, just,
David S. Kong: communing with it, also, like, trying to learn more about it. Like, is it… how old is it? Like, how… what's the, you know…
David S. Kong: Kenzo's, like, very… you know, Kenzo's obviously got, got a bond with this, this,
David S. Kong: This is Kenzo's lair now, pretty soon.
Tim Sackton: So, so I think,
Tim Sackton: I mean, I had assumed that you were gonna do that.
Tim Sackton: I think maybe it would make sense for that to sort of happen as night falls, and the stars rise, and the fox and hunter are in the sky.
Tim Sackton: And maybe all of you go talk to the heartroot?
David S. Kong: Alright, that works.
Tim Sackton: you know.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: Or Kenzo goes and, you know, brings news to everybody.
Tim Sackton: connected by telepathy, whatever. So, so yes, I'm, you know, I… I anticipated that this would happen, but I want, if there's any other… if you want to, like, talk to any people before you talk to the HeartRoute, this is your chance. I mean, you can obviously talk to people after you talk to the HeartRoute, too, but just trying to set the scene a little of, like, the aftermath of the battle.
Tim Sackton: But there's no obligation to… Do anything if… if you're all…
Tim Sackton: You know, your characters might all be, like, wiped out, and…
Tim Sackton: Worn out by the battle, and happy to just accept the gratitude of the people, and…
Tim Sackton: not have any conversations, right? I just want to leave space for whatever you want to do.
Mike: Daleth will probably circulate and sort of check in, and, you know, I just don't currently have the mental energy to roleplay out a bunch of random interactions with.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you don't have to roleplay anything, just, like, whatever you're…
Mike: Yeah, so I mean, Dalek will certainly, like.
Mike: Wander around and check in on people and, you know… the… the…
Mike: like, what, you know, just… what's the vibe of the camp? You know, I… it's hard to…
Mike: I don't have a very clear sense of, like, how badly injured is the army. Is it, like, you know, half of them are dead, or is it, like, you know, how much of a disaster was this for the people?
Tim Sackton: The general mood is, you know, it could have been a lot worse.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: People died, probably… A tenth, or a… between a tenth and a… fifth of the Army, but…
Tim Sackton: many people didn't die who expected to die, so…
Tim Sackton: While people are grieving, it's sort of like… There's an air of… you know.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: There's a… there's a lot of relief and… and kinda…
Tim Sackton: We dodged a bullet type of vibe in the camps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Eker is, resting by the fire and, just noticeably focused on beard maintenance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Having received some really pretty significant damage to one of the sidebreeds.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so he's working on that. And, you'll notice, if you look closely, that he's resting not against a pillow, but a different, rolled-up
Eric Rosenbaum: ropey… object.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which he occasionally turns and murmurs to.
Eric Rosenbaum: The quiescent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Heroic ladder.
David S. Kong: In the epilogue, where's the statue of the ladder go? Where's the…
David S. Kong: Who is honoring the latter? Where's that happening?
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a 10x larger than life.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Statue, yeah. I mean…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I think it's gotta be, like, historic markers, like, every place the ladder did something significant, like, gets a huge pillar, like…
David S. Kong: Well, like, striking, like, a heroic pose, you know?
David S. Kong: whatever it was doing, you know, in battle.
Mike: Seeker can use a wish, not, you know, the dangerous form of wish, to wish into existence a tribute to every ladder who has ever died.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: It ended up.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Who's ever died would be, would be.
Mike: Yeah, and every Seeker, right? Seeker 1 through 5, and ladders 1 through 6, or whatever. Giant statues appear every single place one of these has died.
David S. Kong: I love this.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a network of schools, the Center for Future Ladders, with, like, little step ladders running around.
David S. Kong: The Media Lab, by the way, is also the Center for Future Children, which is, like, why? What about the current children?
Tim Sackton: Amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was a bit ill-advised, that one, but it's actually in stone on the outside of the building. Yeah, whoops.
David S. Kong: Anyways…
Tim Sackton: It's true.
David S. Kong: Don't do that.
David S. Kong: Peter, yeah.
David S. Kong: Honoring all past, present, ladders.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that was a joke about speed alive, you're right, dude.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I think Welby's going around and… And,
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: he wants to get, like, the stories of this place, and, like, the heart route, and what settlement's been like here. Like, he… he was moving quick when he passed through. He wants to get to know the…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Sort of the people, and the place, and the history, and all that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so…
Tim Sackton: As the sun… over the course of the late afternoon into the evening, as the sun begins to set, there's, you know, big, mess lines set up, and…
Tim Sackton: You know, people are feeding the army, you're…
Tim Sackton: you know, Kenzo is distracted by the…
Tim Sackton: call of the heart route, just getting some food before…
Tim Sackton: heading there, still with a connection to the heart route.
Tim Sackton: The Welby, you know, The, the stories are… so… You know, people settled here
Tim Sackton: soon after the Great War.
Tim Sackton: Mostly refugees from Isn't Gay.
Tim Sackton: And from the sort of valley that's now all the plaguelands.
Tim Sackton: And…
Tim Sackton: For a while, it was pretty… there wasn't that, you know, weren't that many people here, they were all pretty isolated from each other.
Tim Sackton: They didn't really start to become a…
Tim Sackton: alliance until the War of the Ashen Horde. It was about a generation ago, maybe… maybe two generations… yeah, about a generation ago. It was 1720, so…
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: 30 years ago, roughly. And… during this war, there were…
Tim Sackton: Crete, you know, so there's ash storms that blow from the plague lands, often in the late summers.
Tim Sackton: And… You know, make agriculture difficult, especially below the plateau.
Tim Sackton: The ash storms tend to not spread super far up on the escarpment, up on this higher altitude ledge.
Tim Sackton: And… during the War of the Ashen Horde, the…
Tim Sackton: Particularly strong ash storms spawned a bunch of…
Tim Sackton: Armies of some kind of ash elemental that nobody really understood how to fight or kill.
Tim Sackton: And they swept through these isolated villages, and that was the sort of…
Tim Sackton: what many people consider the sort of founding point of the re-founded alliance of Orbez.
Tim Sackton: And… Since then, it's been… You know, pretty peaceful until now, so people have thrived, like, it's a…
Tim Sackton: It's a marginal land, there's not, you know, it's hard to grow stuff, it's…
Tim Sackton: Hot in the summer, it's dry, there's not that much water.
Tim Sackton: But… Up in the mountains, it's nice.
Tim Sackton: And there's… Snowmelt, there's, you know.
Tim Sackton: It's sort of like the Colorado Front Range in some ways.
Tim Sackton: You know, lots of little streams fed by snowmelt.
Tim Sackton: from the… from the Sentinels, which are not, you know, just to the west of here.
Tim Sackton: Pretty safe, because not much can climb… not much comes up from the… Valley Below.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you get a sense, and of course, most people didn't really know about the heart route, right? This was a secret that the Rangers kept.
Tim Sackton: Partly with the hope that in…
Tim Sackton: In secrecy, it would be protected.
Tim Sackton: But you sort of get the feeling people aren't surprised. Like, there's all these rumors, there's these stories and legends and tales of, you know.
Tim Sackton: their ancestors and isn't gay, and how it was this magical place of… Fertile crops and… healthy people, and…
Tim Sackton: So, I mean, that's kind of the vibe, it's… it's…
Tim Sackton: It's never been densely settled, so very lightly popular, there's no cities. The biggest city is down off the…
Tim Sackton: plateau. There's a road that goes between… I mean, you would have traveled… Welby would have traveled on the…
Tim Sackton: The road that goes between Dunmar, and… and Sambara.
Tim Sackton: And that road… but that road runs along the bottom of the…
Tim Sackton: Escarpment, for the most part, and it then cuts up to cross the passes.
Tim Sackton: And the people who live in Arbez are sort of…
Tim Sackton: you know, there's people who live down along the road, right? But they're…
Tim Sackton: And they're part of the alliance, right? I mean, Orsonburg is the one city that
Tim Sackton: there was the, you know, the burger of Orsonburg who was arguing to defend the town, but…
Tim Sackton: Culturally, there's… culturally, there's a lot of…
Tim Sackton: you know, a much bigger Ranger presence up here. People are independent, self-sufficient.
Tim Sackton: You know, kind of frontier-ish vibe.
Tim Sackton: So, as… People begin to drift off.
Tim Sackton: from… you know, The camp, from their meal, to drop-off to sleep after an exhausting day.
Tim Sackton: As the stars begin to rise, You can…
Tim Sackton: You can feel the pull of the…
Tim Sackton: heartwood. I mean, Kenzo explicitly can feel like it's… It's… it's…
Tim Sackton: You know, it's calling for you, it's… Pulling at you.
Tim Sackton: Not precisely that it's, you know.
Tim Sackton: It kind of feels like it's…
Tim Sackton: Like, you can feel… you can feel it in the back of your mind, and it's… it's there, and it's almost…
Tim Sackton: just hovering at the edge of your consciousness, just… Kinda waiting for you, almost.
David S. Kong: Go over.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, and… oh, actually, that reminds me, one other thing I wanted to…
Tim Sackton: Remind you of.
Tim Sackton: It's been a while since he used a mirror, just, you know, in case that comes up and you want to use the mirror.
David S. Kong: Oh, snap.
Tim Sackton: So… You find yourself walking through the battlefield.
Tim Sackton: And then passing into the, sort of, heartroot Valley with the… With the stars above.
Tim Sackton: Still relatively thin… Moon, crescent moon… Dark and peaceful and calm.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to walk towards the heart route.
Tim Sackton: You can feel its… all of you can feel its presence. I mean, Kenzo especially.
Tim Sackton: There's a vitality about the… about the valley.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did it relax and unfold after the combat? Yes. Because it contracted, didn't it?
Tim Sackton: Yes, it's spread out, you can see it's, you know, the… it's almost like it's… when you look at it, it's sort of a massive…
Tim Sackton: Of roots, actually, and it's begun to… it's almost like it's beginning to stretch.
Tim Sackton: Like, ugh.
Eric Rosenbaum: long.
Tim Sackton: like that, like… roots begin to spread out. You can see
Tim Sackton: Little, like, tendrils of vines growing, almost growing as you watch across the valley floor.
Tim Sackton: There's still this sort of smell of… Yeast and bread and…
Tim Sackton: The air after a rain… The… the sort of…
Tim Sackton: Now, actually, coming here when it's dark, you can see, actually, there's a faint, sort of, bioluminescent
Tim Sackton: Pulse that seems to be, like, little… little filamentous lines of…
Tim Sackton: Of blue-white bioluminescence that run out from this sort of mound, stretching into the soil, and light kind of running along them, and these slow pulses, almost like a very slow heartbeat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Running outward.
Tim Sackton: Running outward, yeah, from the sort of central area, central mound, where the heart rate, kind of.
Tim Sackton: is concentrated.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
David S. Kong: Are we all… Like, experiencing the heartroot in a similar way?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, so Kenza's… Kenza's probably… More…
Tim Sackton: Deeply attuned to it than anybody else, having,
Tim Sackton: connected with it during the battle. But yeah, you're all seeing the same things and have the same sort of…
Tim Sackton: you know, sensory experience.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it look like… It used to be attached.
Eric Rosenbaum: To a tree or something?
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, what does it look like botanically?
Tim Sackton: It looks like… mostly, like, roots, like… it's like… It's like soil that, .
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like a towel.
Tim Sackton: Gather, yeah, like a root ball.
Tim Sackton: And there's moss and stuff growing on top of it, but not…
Mike: There's no way.
Tim Sackton: It was not…
Mike: directionality.
Tim Sackton: There's not, like, a trunk growing up or anything like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Order.
Tim Sackton: You can see that it's kind of spreading along the edge of the val- you know, out from the sort of center. It seems to want to grow, but it's kept from doing so for some reason.
David S. Kong: This is random, I'm not sure we've ever done this before, but, could we show the, mirror, the heartroot?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Awesome.
David S. Kong: Is that an interesting thing to do?
David S. Kong: What are the other things we want to show?
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean…
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we want to know?
Mike: Sorry, my internet broke up right when you said your big reveal on what we should do, and then I heard you say, that was an intra- would that be an interesting thing to do? But I don't know what I said.
Tim Sackton: Show the heart route to the mirror.
Mike: Oh, I was thinking earlier, that's absolutely what we should do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Darren.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Let's do it.
David S. Kong: Well, before we do that, Tim, is there a sense, you know how, like, you're saying, like, it wants to spread out, but it feels like it can't?
David S. Kong: Like, I kind of sit with that resistance, like, what is resisting?
David S. Kong: What is presenting it from going where it wants to go?
Tim Sackton: the… the… The stream that flows through this valley is the wrong shape.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, I think we talked about…
Tim Sackton: You always have this… you already had this sort of sense.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Being in shape.
David S. Kong: The final… well, the final mission is we need to bring it to the… we need to bring the heart route with us and bring it home, basically. That's kind of the…
David S. Kong: And actually, showing the mirror actually is gonna be super interesting, because it will… it will bring us back to some of the history of, like, all the weird shit, how it didn't appear.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah.
David S. Kong: to be, it used to be where the, the polluted… Who's playing this?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: He's a guy. Isn't he?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's do it. Should we show the… let's do the mirror to the heart route, yeah?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Unless there's… unless anybody has somebody else.
Mike: No, I mean, I was… I was gonna ask a few other questions, but no, let's just do it.
Tim Sackton: So…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You take out the portable hole and slowly pull the… Mirror of the past out.
Tim Sackton: Hold it up so that the reflection of the moonlight, shines onto the sort of central mound of the heartroot.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo…
David S. Kong: turns, and what is… what do you… what is the sort of question that you're using to guide your mirror visions?
David S. Kong: It's like, tell me about your home.
Mike: Yeah, I was… We're on the same wavelength, so I was gonna say the same thing. Home.
David S. Kong: Damn.
Mike: But also…
Eric Rosenbaum: being taken from your home, because who knows what this life story was in the long heart. The thing may be very old.
David S. Kong: Yeah, but it's like, tell me, tell the story, tell all aspects of the story of your home.
David S. Kong: Like, where it is, where you long to go, where you were taken from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we want to know, like, from when you were a seed?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, sure.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Like, your whole life story.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: And, like, what do you need to flourish? Like, if we're gonna transplant it, do we just, like, drop it in the dirt somewhere, or does it…
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we need to do the thing where we carefully step on the edges of it to…
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if you've ever replanted something in… Soil, like that, but you…
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyways, there's a set of techniques for reseeding the roots of root balls.
Tim Sackton: So… So you hold up the mirror.
Tim Sackton: And the vision begins to shift.
Tim Sackton: And it… The image flickers.
Tim Sackton: And eventually settles on… Just,
Tim Sackton: Starlit, like, you're looking above at a starlit
Tim Sackton: landscape. That seems to be almost
Tim Sackton: Undulating like a wave, but it looks like land.
Tim Sackton: And then there's this… Flash of light of some kind, but it's…
Tim Sackton: it registers in your eyes as almost the absence of darkness instead of bright light itself. It's… it's something like you've never experienced before. And…
Tim Sackton: Light begins to… Shoot up, this shoot up from the center of the…
Tim Sackton: of the image that you're looking at, and the land pulls apart, and then…
Tim Sackton: Begins to settle slowly into form.
Tim Sackton: And you can see…
Tim Sackton: As it does, that, while you are clearly looking at something from very far away.
Tim Sackton: You can also see… -Oh, where's Mike?
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna wait a sec.
David S. Kong: Is this some, like, beginning of time shit?
David S. Kong: It's like, the heartroot, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what was that?
David S. Kong: I was as old as, like, Creation of the universe?
Tim Sackton: Give me a sec, I wanna…
Tim Sackton: I wanna see if Mike rejoins.
David S. Kong: Oh yeah, there's probably… this is some, like, Barrel and the…
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: They need text.
Tim Sackton: Give them a couple minutes, we'll come back to it in a sec.
David S. Kong: Fine.
David S. Kong: Schwartzer cat's so cute.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: This cat's such a good cat.
David S. Kong: What's your cat's name? The cat doesn't have a name yet?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Not yet.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: the, the struggle to find consensus is a real struggle.
David S. Kong: Welby? The cat can't be called Welby.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I, you know, we haven't proposed that yet. I will suggest that.
David S. Kong: Welby is a… is honestly kind of a pretty awesome cat name.
David S. Kong: Also, the cat's so curious, is exploring, friendly, but also can, like, scratch your eyes out if it really wants to from far away, you know?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Very high move.
Tim Sackton: Has a lot… has a big speed.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Hoops in a Box.
Tim Sackton: The indie characters don't poop. I mean, you know that, right?
David S. Kong: That's true, we never used the rest, that's actually very true.
David S. Kong: Oh man, can you imagine what the portable hole's like? Ew.
David S. Kong: Gross.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you need a dimensional toilet that just goes somewhere.
David S. Kong: Not thought about that at all. That's… horrific.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: That's amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I wonder if that, like, does that imply the existence of, like, millions of poop-filled pocket dimensions, or, like, a single endless dimension of…
Tim Sackton: There's… it's probably one of the other planes.
David S. Kong: Oh my god, is there a plant of poop that's, like, ruled by the poop, the poop emperor monster?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Tim Sackton: I mean… There's, like, I don't know, in the… in the Dungeon Master's Guide, there's… there's not a…
Eric Rosenbaum: of excrementation.
Tim Sackton: Per se, but there's, like…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Fair.
Tim Sackton: Demon Lords that are the… Kings of it.
Tim Sackton: Illness and, like… Pestilence and things like that, and clearly are sort of… the slime pets.
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sounds pretty close.
Tim Sackton: Sounds pretty close.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the demon lord of slimes and oozes.
Tim Sackton: Cares nothing for mortal servants. Its sole desire is to turn all creatures into formless copies of its horror itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like we're heading into something like this, whether we want to or not.
Tim Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: This is not exact.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: What happened to Isn't gay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's, not good.
David S. Kong: Well, so I'm watching, Foundation right now. I'm on Season 2.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
David S. Kong: And I've been thinking a lot about.
Tim Sackton: Season 2.
David S. Kong: It's actually really good.
David S. Kong: Kind of a wall-to-wall banger. But anyways, just the… all of the line of Kleons, so it's like the line of Seekers. It's like Seeker, you know, Kleon 1 through 18. Right. Seeker. Anyways.
David S. Kong: Like, quite legitimately all clones, anyways. Alright.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, resuming the vision. The land splits apart, and you see this line of light shooting up.
Tim Sackton: And even though you are… Far away, you are also somehow close, and you see Growing out of this…
Tim Sackton: The sort of middle of this line that's split apart in the land, like, the same little bioluminescent, filamentous, white.
Tim Sackton: multicolored land, sort of almost crawling up out of this. And Welby
Tim Sackton: after you stare at this a minute, you actually… I mean, the line… this line that's being pulled apart, that's light shooting up a bit, that's somehow being formed by…
Tim Sackton: reshaping of the actual physical Earth.
Tim Sackton: You recognize it.
Tim Sackton: From maps that you've looked at, It's…
Audio shared by Tim Sackton: exactly the pattern of the Isteros.
David S. Kong: Path of the what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that a rubric?
Tim Sackton: Westeros is the river that runs past Izmay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Worse.
David S. Kong: How?
Tim Sackton: And…
David S. Kong: Oh, go, go ahead.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, and as you, as you watch, You can see, suddenly,
Tim Sackton: This sort of riotous colors, like, washing across the landscape, and then almost a sense of…
Tim Sackton: of, like, you know, multiple layers of bubbles, like, separating, right? Like, there's, you know, like, if you have two soap bubbles, right, and they pull apart like that, and many of them begin to pop.
Tim Sackton: Like, it's almost you see this sort of pulling off, these, like, films of color, like, pulling off of the world that you're looking at below.
Tim Sackton: Oh, meanwhile, well.
Tim Sackton: You still see this… The only thing that's lit up is this… is the light shining up through the…
Tim Sackton: formation of the Isteros. Meanwhile, you still see this, like, Filamentataceous, sort of.
Tim Sackton: Illuminated lines begin to crawl out.
Tim Sackton: along… the Isteros.
Tim Sackton: And after this moment of creation.
Tim Sackton: The image shifts, and it rapidly…
Tim Sackton: blurs through years and years and years and years. The only… still in the same perspective, the only…
Tim Sackton: Constant. Always in the middle, always at the center point where the greatest density of these filaments were.
Tim Sackton: is green, and alive. And there's, you know, winters come through, and droughts, and the land shifts, yep.
David S. Kong: Like, that very first moment, where it's, like, the thing, like, cracks open, whatever, Like…
David S. Kong: How old is that? Is that, like… does that feel like some beginning of time shit? Or, like, what is that?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: So, so this is like…
Tim Sackton: Like, that's like when the planes were… when the multiverse was created.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wondering if that's what that was. Whoa.
David S. Kong: The crown? When was the crown made?
Tim Sackton: same moment.
Mike: Or no, same time, yeah.
David S. Kong: Very interesting. Very interesting.
Tim Sackton: Well, that was, like, the mythology of Tagar, is that there was… pre… like…
Tim Sackton: before the multiverse existed, all… everybody, like, all the gods just walked around the Earth. And then there was the Reeving, where all the magic was segregated out into the extra… other planes, so that the material plane could
Tim Sackton: exist as a real place. But there's all sorts of, like, little fragments of that moment. That's, like, the footprint of the gods that Kenzo went to in your solo adventure was also a relic of that same moment that was, like, tied to the elemental planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: Yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just looking at the river Isteros.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've… we've been there before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Haven't we? Isn't… is the city…
Eric Rosenbaum: The rainbow orcs on their river.
Tim Sackton: It flows right past.
Tim Sackton: It also is the same river that flows past Dancor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I didn't look down that far south. That's the same river.
Tim Sackton: And, if anybody looks at a map of the Feywild.
Tim Sackton: It is also exactly the path of the Sunset Gate.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have maps of the farewell.
Mike: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Mike: Does anybody have a map of the Feywild?
Tim Sackton: Actually, probably nobody has a map of what they want.
Mike: I mean, I know what you're talking about, because I have that map of the Feywild, but I don't think it's in.
David S. Kong: Well, it's like, don't make sense, because it's not, like…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Not, you know… I'll try to guess it out.
Tim Sackton: This just doesn't match one-to-one.
Tim Sackton: So, 50 miles could be 1 mile or 200 miles, but it's close, right? There's features that overlap.
David S. Kong: But is it still, like, the pinky bones connected to the hand bone type of thing?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Like…
Eric Rosenbaum: if…
Tim Sackton: It's distorted, but it overlaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the heart root…
Eric Rosenbaum: Symbiotic, in other words, like, is the creature making up the roots themselves distinct from whatever is flowing through the glowing pulses?
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, is it a mycorrhizome situation?
Tim Sackton: Well, right now, you're still watching the vision in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: But, but yes, it is a micro-rival… micro rib… thing, situation.
Tim Sackton: It's a… it's like a massive symbiotic organism that…
Tim Sackton: You know, makes everything it touches grow stronger and better.
Tim Sackton: and was created.
Tim Sackton: When… as a byproduct of the creation of the planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just wondering if we should try to understand it as two entities together, as opposed to one.
Tim Sackton: So you keep watching in the mirror as Seeker wonders.
Tim Sackton: And you see, again, this sort of…
Tim Sackton: Passing of the years and the seasons.
Tim Sackton: long time passing, and again, always, you know, growing and shrinking, right? But always this sort of fertile ribbon along the upper Istaros, where Islamge is, or was, still is, in ruins.
Tim Sackton: And the… the image begins to drift down.
Tim Sackton: Closer and closer to the river itself.
Tim Sackton: And you can see, as you, as you sort of drift down, as your perspective kind of zooms in, just these, these sort of…
Tim Sackton: everywhere you look, right? Everywhere you look along the soil and in the dirt, there's just this richness, right? This… this thing that is now tightly
Tim Sackton: Constrained to, you know, really a…
Tim Sackton: you know, one valley, but even less than that, right? Like, a 10 foot by 10 foot cube, and now that it's, you know, free a little bit, it's stretching out a bit.
Tim Sackton: It's spreading along dozens of miles of the river and growing up from the riverbanks, and you can
Tim Sackton: You can see in the mirror the sort of vibrancy.
Tim Sackton: Intel… The image shifts again.
Tim Sackton: You see Hobgoblin, you see the city of Isengen, which is not a big city, it's… it's really mostly a town. Richly settled.
Tim Sackton: Agricultural valleys, You know, at best.
Tim Sackton: you know, think, you know, this is like, this is like, you know, Provence, or somewhere, like, fertile, I don't know what the most fertile…
Tim Sackton: agricultural region of France is, but, like, that's the vibe, right? It's, like, very small… small villages, but lots of them, and…
Tim Sackton: Vineyards and orchards and fields of wheat, just everything rich and lush.
Tim Sackton: And hobgoblins marching, Large Hobgoblin armies converging on the city. Fighting.
Tim Sackton: The city under siege. This is like a sort of sped-up animation, and then red mist beginning to spread.
Tim Sackton: Along the river.
Tim Sackton: People dying, hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of people dying.
Tim Sackton: Fleeing in all directions.
Tim Sackton: And one… Stuttering image of being shaken and twisted and then grabbed
Tim Sackton: Carefully, and with great, reverence, but still yanked out of your home.
Tim Sackton: The mirror… the image in the mirror spins around, like, a dozen times, like, disorienting you.
Tim Sackton: And then, you just are looking up at the sky.
Tim Sackton: And you see…
Tim Sackton: In the mirror, like, this sense of, like, the world shrinking around… shrinking, like, wherever… before, the visions were, like, expansive and,
Tim Sackton: long and wide, right, like…
Tim Sackton: seen from this great perspective, looking down on the Earth, now you're…
Tim Sackton: in the sort of constrained part of the Earth, looking up at a narrow patch of sky.
Tim Sackton: But the exact opposite, no sense of, like, ex… this sort of expansive growth.
Tim Sackton: And no sense of, like, movement or vitality or anything.
Tim Sackton: As time passes again, Vision speeds up and slows down.
Tim Sackton: You can see the seasons passing, you can see the sun, the days passing.
Tim Sackton: But you have no real sense of… of… length.
Tim Sackton: Until… You see this image stops.
Tim Sackton: And you see a jade figure standing in this valley, a wizard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Mike: Like, why are somebody else.
Tim Sackton: Like, rye.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: What other Jade Wizards?
David S. Kong: Are you confused about the Jade Wizard?
Mike: I mean, fair enough.
Tim Sackton: Looking up at the sky.
Tim Sackton: And he seems to be talking… to the night sky.
Tim Sackton: Well, this is presumably…
Mike: when the… the whole thing happened, right?
Tim Sackton: When what whole thing happened?
Mike: Bri tried to clean everything up. Sorry, keep going. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Just keep going.
Tim Sackton: I'll be reading his lips. Seems to have a… be having a conversation with… a friend.
Tim Sackton: In the sky.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: Talking on and on, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: Rye is saying about how these, you know, he's met these monks who have also seen the… dangers of…
Tim Sackton: the plague… relics, like… he thinks they'll help.
Tim Sackton: worried about trying to reach isn't Gay by himself, but… with their support, can be done.
Tim Sackton: You know, the prison is stable, Dimitar is watching it.
Tim Sackton: We have a moment.
Tim Sackton: And the voice from the sky is saying something, but there's no lips to read, so you can't hear it, but you can infer from the other half of the conversation.
Tim Sackton: Worry that… the Hobgoblins… might learn… Too much too soon.
Tim Sackton: And we better… do something, because if they uncover the secrets of Isengue, they might learn about the last…
Tim Sackton: Relic of the heart rate.
Tim Sackton: And then… Planning.
Tim Sackton: for an expedition.
Tim Sackton: Close the portal.
Tim Sackton: A lot of discussion about a portal to limbo.
Tim Sackton: Opened by Shemut's death.
Tim Sackton: And if there was a way to close the portal, That might help.
Tim Sackton: And then the image fades.
Tim Sackton: And the vision ends.
David S. Kong: Wait, did I miss… like, so there was the part where, like, everything was contracting and stuff, but, like, is there… because this is from the perspective of the heartroot, right? So…
David S. Kong: The heart root… did it move? Did it actually…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, sorry, I…
Tim Sackton: maybe that wasn't as clear as I meant it to be, so it was… somebody, you couldn't see who.
Tim Sackton: led the plague.
Tim Sackton: With a fragment of the heart root.
David S. Kong: Got it. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Presumably some ranger or somebody like that.
Mike: But wait, was the conversation with Ride taking place here?
Tim Sackton: Here.
David S. Kong: Oh, in this example.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's not.
Tim Sackton: In this exact spot.
David S. Kong: Oh, snap.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa…
Eric Rosenbaum: Two weeks ago.
Mike: It's a barrel to talk to us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, did we find all of the, like, aid fingers and stuff?
Tim Sackton: Yeah?
David S. Kong: data.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so we're not, like, looking for more pieces of the statue.
Mike: none of that.
Mike: But, like…
David S. Kong: Oh, go, go ahead.
Mike: No, no, go ahead.
David S. Kong: I was just gonna say, like, meta note, I think it's, like, really cool how… like, it's been so, so, so long that we play those characters, that they really do feel just, like, NPC, like, weird god characters. It's like, I have no idea. I couldn't play Rai right now if I even wanted to, I don't even have no idea, you know what I mean? It's, like, completely impossible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, yeah.
David S. Kong: It's pretty cool. It's like, they have… yeah, they're just… weird.
David S. Kong: Historical.
David S. Kong: Icons.
Mike: I mean… I think we should,
Mike: find the… wasn't there some woman who was, like, close to one of Beryl's?
Mike: I mean… Can we.
Tim Sackton: Catalan Malra.
Mike: And we.
Tim Sackton: Priestess of Beryl.
Mike: Can we, like…
Mike: Talk to the stars?
Mike: How do we get Beryl's attention?
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can do anything you want.
Mike: Does… does… does Kenzo still have Ryze?
Mike: Hands? What?
David S. Kong: Yeah? Got the whole thing.
David S. Kong: It's on my staff.
Mike: Right, of course.
David S. Kong: So, okay, before we talk to Beryl, which I think we should do, just going back again to, like, the heart, so having now seen the vision, right, and understanding more about, like, kind of what happened, trauma of the heart and so on, Kenzo, Kenzo kind of, like, like, sits and…
David S. Kong: You know, with another level of understanding and… Kinda, you know…
David S. Kong: Greater depth of vibe with the heartroot.
David S. Kong: Wants to under… because we never really saw, you know, we were kind of asking it, oh, like, how… like, what's home? Like, how do you get home? Try to understand, like, kind of where to put it, type of thing, or, like, where we're bringing it to. Kenzel kind of, like…
David S. Kong: It's not like asking a question, but sort of, yeah, it's like leaving space for the heartroot to, like, say more about, like.
David S. Kong: what… what is stopping it, or where does it want to be? Like, what is the… what is the… you know, and it's not…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so…
David S. Kong: Everything specific, but just kind of, like, whatever the Harvard wants to share.
Tim Sackton: So, you know, meditating with the heartroot and having seen this vision, I mean.
Tim Sackton: You get a very clear sense that it is, in some…
Tim Sackton: magical, metaphysical way, part of the river Istheros.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And it is surviving here, barely.
Tim Sackton: But it can't grow.
David S. Kong: Right, right, right.
Tim Sackton: Except in the place it was created, which is the center of the upper Asteros Valley.
David S. Kong: Right. But, like, even there, you know, is there, like, a… is it even more specific? Is there, like, an image of, like, a specific place? Or is it just kind of, like, throw it in the water and then everything's gonna be cool? Like, you know what I mean? Like, do we… is there any sense.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, there's not any specific… I mean, isn't gay would be the specific place. That's the center of its sort of home, but… but there's nothing… you're…
Tim Sackton: I mean, when you sort of meditate and commune with it, your senses, it's, like, very eager, like.
Tim Sackton: It… the river is part of it, and it's part of the river, so…
Tim Sackton: And it's just been pulled… it's just been split in half.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean, all you need to do is reconnect it, except that the river happens to be
Tim Sackton: Deeply contaminated at the moment.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay, so, metagame, we gotta close this portal. Portal to Limbo. Close the portal, Decontaminate the river.
David S. Kong: Stick the heart rate back in.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then…
David S. Kong: The land is happy.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Straightforward, right?
David S. Kong: I think, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So, I was… I was looking at this, wand… That I've been carrying around.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it can slice through planes and open portals. I guess closing portals is another matter altogether.
David S. Kong: Yeah, how do we close a portable limbo?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Just hold the wand from the other end.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just run it backwards.
Tim Sackton: You are level 19 characters with a bastion and massive quantities of abilities that let you ask questions. You might just consider using some of your massive quantity of abilities that let you do research and ask questions to, you know, ask about that.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: What if we just spent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good idea.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: bed.
David S. Kong: I, I like that.
Tim Sackton: That's fine, too.
Mike: I mean, why don't we just show up and see what happens?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Awesome.
Mike: I even speculate, right? I mean…
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Let's just go, let's go.
Mike: How does this go? Like, what are we doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Go in unprepared.
David S. Kong: It's kind of how we roll. It's sort of like, it's gotten us this far.
Tim Sackton: No, you've… you have started actually preparing for things in the last, like, year, way more than you used to.
Mike: I mean, in fairness, this particular combat, we like. Guerrilla warfare.
Tim Sackton: You prepared for, like, two whole sessions. Yeah. The week and the Hobgoblins.
David S. Kong: It was pretty brilliant.
David S. Kong: We did a good job.
David S. Kong: I'm really glad we ended up inside the centipede, by the way, in that phase. Yeah, that was awesome.
Mike: That was it.
Eric Rosenbaum: asleep, I guess, but…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: That centipede was amazing. So, so we need to figure out, then, a way to close the portal, and then go over and do it, and the…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Maybe the ooze is the cause, but maybe the ooze is an effect of something else that's going on?
David S. Kong: Yeah, and there's the decantamination, maybe it's killing… yeah, those are the two things. Decontamination…
David S. Kong: We need to bioremediate the river, and then we need to close the limbo.
David S. Kong: portal.
Mike: Probably the other way around. We probably need to shut down the Toxic Sudge portal before we…
David S. Kong: Portal.
David S. Kong: And then bioremediate.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have another wand, I feel like, that can find portals, right? So…
Tim Sackton: Yep, you do.
David S. Kong: Ayy!
David S. Kong: That's cool.
David S. Kong: Okay, I mean, Tim makes a good point. Why don't we chat GPT our stuff, and, like…
David S. Kong: How do we close the portal? How do we get rid of the ooze?
David S. Kong: Should we.
Mike: What, should we… should we ask the Philosopher's Guild?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, interesting.
David S. Kong: Right? Because now we're not under, like, any…
Tim Sackton: We're not in any time pressure, particularly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like that idea. We have to give them some things.
Mike: Yeah, we have tons of stuff, though. We have a Regendrus' Horde, there's gotta be items from Regondris' Horde that nobody wants, that are pretty good.
Mike: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: And, the question is, how do you close a portal, right? You close a portal to limbo, or…
Mike: How do you close a portal to win both?
David S. Kong: That's pretty clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go back in time and not have given a scroll to a certain person. That's how you do it.
Mike: Wow, that's pandemon.
David S. Kong: That's pandemonium. Those are… those are different. I mean… It's a Chemut era thing.
Mike: Go back in time.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: to the late 90s, and not, you know, let Shabbat's Red Plague destroy everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, whoops.
Tim Sackton: Just as a side point, there's actually lots of, lots of clues about what's going on here, buried in the cosmology section of Talgarverse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my gosh.
David S. Kong: Oh my god.
Tim Sackton: Which, absolutely not required that anybody read through and figure out. I'm just, like, pointing out I've left Easter eggs for, like, the past 9 months, if anybody wants to look.
David S. Kong: This is… I'm so reminded of, like, undergrad at MIT, where it's just like, you know, the professor's telling you exactly what's on a test. I was just like, I remember, like, the first two years, I didn't go to class, and then once I started going to class, I was like, oh, shit, they, like, tell you exactly what's gonna be on the test. I'm like, where to go look?
David S. Kong: Pretty awesome.
David S. Kong: So… So nobody, nobody looked at the cosmology session, in short. Just, like, that's all, that's all just like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: I looked at it.
Tim Sackton: Really subtle, the clues, but…
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's a lot of information in there.
Tim Sackton: So, what do you want to do at this point?
Tim Sackton: you're talking about the Philosopher's Guild, you're talking about the Bastion, you're talking about talking to Beryl, you're talking about talking to the Priestess of Beryl, Catalan, Melrah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, do you want to try to talk to Beryl while we're out here, in the spot, at the heart route?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yep.
David S. Kong: dealt with.
David S. Kong: Oh no.
Tim Sackton: I think Mike's for them again.
David S. Kong: Mike should just, he should just tether from his phone, I'm sure.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's what I just said, if he has Zoom on his phone, just join from his phone.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Or just Hotspot, like, I…
Tim Sackton: Or just hotspot, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: These days, it's cra- like, 5G is insane. It's, like, faster than, like, it's a hotspot… the phone hotspot is the way.
Tim Sackton: I texted him. Yeah, I've done that once,
Tim Sackton: I think once, like, last 2 years ago, we were playing when I was in…
Tim Sackton: some hotel in Prince Edward Island, or Canada, and…
Tim Sackton: there was no Wi-Fi, so I just hotspoted on my phone until…
Tim Sackton: my international data ran out, and then I just dialed in to the session.
David S. Kong: Ugh. How do we talk about.
Tim Sackton: Just gonna try hotspotting me.
David S. Kong: How do we talk to Beryl? Do we just, like, sort of like a 1-800-Ranger?
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: Oh…
David S. Kong: G…
Tim Sackton: I mean, generally speaking, the easiest way to speak to deities is… via their… priests and clerks.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so let's just go talk.
Tim Sackton: But, you can always just try, like, shouting into the void and see what happens.
David S. Kong: Metagame? How did… how did Beryl become a deity again? What happened?
Tim Sackton: He sacrificed himself to kill Shamut?
David S. Kong: Really? Is that what happened?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit!
David S. Kong: I forgot about that. Damn!
Mike: Sorry guys, my, like, network situation is not working very well.
David S. Kong: It's all good.
Mike: I would hotspot for my phone, Tim, but right now, my phone is reporting one… bar, and…
Mike: crappy signal. So, I don't know, I don't know, like, my house isn't like, now you… I'm frozen again.
Mike: My house is, like, in a Faraday cage or something, I can't get out.
David S. Kong: Yeah, you're literally in a force… you're in a force case.
Mike: Something's broken, but… yeah, Force Cage, there you go. So… I'm just gonna do the best I- I'm…
David S. Kong: Well, you can also.
Mike: I think hotspotting from my phone will make it better.
David S. Kong: You could- you can also just call in, Mike.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you need to.
David S. Kong: Yeah, just dial into Zoom.
Tim Sackton: Where is the…
David S. Kong: This is all low…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I got there.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: cosmology. There is a lot of cosmology here. This is…
David S. Kong: Yeah. Somebody put a link in the chat, to the thing that we're not supposed to read?
Eric Rosenbaum: We're all the best buddy.
David S. Kong: Where the… all the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just go to Telgarverse and search for cosmology, and there's, like, just a ton of pages under it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here, there's, like, this multiverse page.
Mike: Oh, this is your, like, massive writing of cosmology.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I designed the endgame of the campaign while I was writing all that stuff.
Tim Sackton: I can't find the link to.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Float like bubbles in the astral plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: We saw some bubbles, yeah.
David S. Kong: The Nightmare Realm, that sounds fun.
Tim Sackton: -Oh.
Tim Sackton: There is a way to let somebody just call in to… Zoom, but I can't…
David S. Kong: Mike, try turning your video off, just turn your video off.
Mike: Why don't we try… yeah, why don't I try that, see if that's better.
Mike: It's weird, it's… It's like my internet drops for 10 seconds every…
Tim Sackton: Do you have RCN?
Mike: Out of every minute, it seems… Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I've… we've… Nathaniel's been complaining about this, and I've not noticed it, but he'll be, like, playing…
Tim Sackton: Roblox or something, and it'll be like, the internet keeps cutting out for 10 seconds at a time.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's weird.
Tim Sackton: Maybe… maybe it's the same thing. I think RCN is, like, there's something wrong with their…
Tim Sackton: local setup, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, I'm just spending one sec to try and figure out…
Tim Sackton: if there's a way I can…
Tim Sackton: Oh, here we go, copy invite link.
Tim Sackton: Just in case it is useful.
Mike: There's an actual phone.
Mike: The problem is, at least in my… where I'm in my office, my phone doesn't really have any.
David S. Kong: Oh my god.
Mike: Yeah, why?
David S. Kong: Mike, they're coming from inside the house!
Mike: That's what I'm saying.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Is… is… Hang on, Limbo is what we're talking about? Limbo?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, yeah, yeah. So, like, as the planes are separated, Limbo is, like, the tear in the fabric of reality that's left behind in the course of that separation?
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Tim Sackton: Mike, you should be… I just texted you the… Mobile.
Mike: Yeah, I saw that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Wow. Okay. In fact, be a shifting wound in reality itself.
Tim Sackton: But remember, there's unproven theories in Tugoutverse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike: You left some relevant brainstorming links in, Outer Realms. They're not linked from Tagaverse, because…
Tim Sackton: Oh, some of the campaign none must be broken.
Mike: Leyline's kind of vanished from Telgar.
Mike: They were like.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Mike: At the beginning, and then we.
Tim Sackton: Very early on, I made a… when Seeker got to level 4, I made a homebrew feat to make Ley Line's route, like, actually do stuff, but Eric…
Tim Sackton: Didn't want to take it, or it didn't seem right for the moment, so then we just kind of dropped it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Is the stone-born metaphysicist Yandallo still living?
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: I don't know, maybe, actually. Did I ever decide?
Tim Sackton: No, I think not.
Mike: I can cast Speak with Dead at will.
Mike: Let's go talk to Yedda!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a good boy.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Yundelist heresies. Yes.
David S. Kong: Oh yeah, Mike, we were trying to figure out how to talk to Beryl.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: And, Tim was like, oh, you go talk to the priests, so we can go.
Mike: Yeah. Yeah, let's go talk to the priests, find out how to…
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: we kinda gotta wave Rai's hand around it, be like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's the other option, is we just, we just, you know…
David S. Kong: Just try random shit. See what happens.
Mike: I think we should talk to the priests.
David S. Kong: What if we make up songs about Beryl and sing them while we wait?
David S. Kong: Bry his hand around.
David S. Kong: A barrel, a barrel.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so… you make your way back to camp, which is not far from here, just a couple miles.
Tim Sackton: and find the… it's still not super late, right? Find the… the tent of… Cuddle in…
Tim Sackton: Malra.
Tim Sackton: the… Elderly woman, member of the Rangers, devotee of the Fox and Hunter, and…
Tim Sackton: who had sort of… well, not that old, she's, like, mid-50s, something like that. Who had…
Tim Sackton: spoken in the, in the War Council before the battle, As a sort of,
Tim Sackton: She was the one who, like, blessed the water of the three wells that you
Tim Sackton: That you spoke to. And… and as you… you've…
Tim Sackton: you know, walk through camp and find her. You actually find her,
Tim Sackton: Sitting outside, just having finished a prayer of thanksgiving to the stars, to Beryl.
Tim Sackton: She looks up as you approach, standing, leaning on her staff, and… just…
Tim Sackton: Gives, you know, bows in gratitude to you.
Tim Sackton: And… Kind of takes a moment to just, like, whisper a prayer of blessing and of thanksgiving.
Tim Sackton: And then turns and asks, and… Yup.
Tim Sackton: speaks about how, you know, the Rangers and…
Tim Sackton: You know, her in particular are… and all those who…
Tim Sackton: are devoted to the fox and Hunter, and the…
Tim Sackton: mysteries and secrets of isn't Gay are forever in your debt, and if there's anything… she can do…
Tim Sackton: To help you in any way.
Tim Sackton: All you need to do is ask.
Mike: We were hoping… To hear more… about… a box and hunter.
Mike: And in particular,
Mike: Ask.
Mike: Questions?
Tim Sackton: Kind of smiles a little bit.
Mike: Pass.
Tim Sackton: There are many… Stories and myths.
Tim Sackton: There are… The ways of the divine are mysterious to us mortals.
Tim Sackton: But… Yes, he grants prayers.
Tim Sackton: He… Is the source of my power.
Tim Sackton: I believe… There are…
Tim Sackton: Whether he's, you know… the gods tend not to speak at length to their followers.
Tim Sackton: I don't know, perhaps it requires… Too much… effort, or… magic to…
Tim Sackton: Bring themselves into this realm for such communication.
Tim Sackton: But there is a story, there was one he spoke to, a strange traveler who appeared in this valley.
Tim Sackton: Shortly before the War of the Ashen Horde, maybe 30 years ago?
Tim Sackton: I was young then, and I…
Tim Sackton: don't recall the full details of what happened. And of course, back in those… Days.
Tim Sackton: well, until recently, the Heart Root Bell was a… Secret we shared with you.
Tim Sackton: But it is said that, Green man teleported.
Tim Sackton: to the veil.
Tim Sackton: And… Spoke at length.
Tim Sackton: With the fox and the hunter.
Tim Sackton: And then left on a quest from which he never returned.
David S. Kong: Can you help us speak with the fox and Hunter?
Tim Sackton: Is there a question you would like to ask?
David S. Kong: We'd like to learn about the quest of the green man, and… Just to say…
David S. Kong: Kenzo takes his staff and kind of points at that green… The green,
David S. Kong: And at the top of the staff. We, we know, I think we, we know of whom this, the Fox and Hunter was speaking with.
Tim Sackton: She goes kind of a little bit wide-eyed.
Tim Sackton: You truly are, walking legends.
Tim Sackton: I-I-I will pray.
Tim Sackton: An ask… Do not know if you will have…
Tim Sackton: I do not know if you will.
Tim Sackton: Well, we will see what happens. The gods communicate more in visions and dreams than conversations.
David S. Kong: I think we want to learn more of…
David S. Kong: How to help, and how to potentially…
David S. Kong: Complete the work that was started 30 years ago.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Now is the time. She looks up, and you can see the constellation of the fox and the hunter rising in the sky.
Tim Sackton: Let us pray and ask.
Tim Sackton: She kneels, and she gets some, you know, a bowl with a little incense in it, and lights that, and begins to, start a prayer.
Tim Sackton: Asking the fox and hunter for their aid and attention.
Tim Sackton: Asking.
Tim Sackton: Will you?
Tim Sackton: hear me… hear us.
Tim Sackton: We wish to know more, goes on like this in a prayer for some time, and then asks.
Tim Sackton: about the… the events of 30 years ago, the quest of the Green Man, what happened… why it failed.
Tim Sackton: If it failed, what can be done?
Tim Sackton: And for a moment, you all seemed to… You're sort of…
Tim Sackton: There's the smoke from the incense, the aroma, the…
Tim Sackton: sound, she begins to sort of tap her fingers on… on some stones, with her ring sort of clicking, making a rhythmic pattern. You fall a little bit into a trance, and you…
Tim Sackton: Begin to see…
Tim Sackton: It's not exactly a vision, it's more…
Tim Sackton: You know, flashes of images.
Tim Sackton: And you can see the conversation
Tim Sackton: That you saw in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: And then this wave of sadness and anger and fear washes over you, and you…
Tim Sackton: You hear a sort of echo.
Tim Sackton: We failed.
Tim Sackton: It was not a portal.
Tim Sackton: We didn't understand.
Tim Sackton: the plane… Itself spilled over.
Tim Sackton: It could not be closed so simply.
Tim Sackton: And you then see… An image, a vision, of…
Tim Sackton: Where are my notes here?
Tim Sackton: Of… you see now a vision of… Rye.
Tim Sackton: standing… In a dusty plain.
Tim Sackton: You can see now the glitter of… the Isteros River.
Tim Sackton: In front of him.
Tim Sackton: the city of Isengay behind. Mike, Barrell said in a vision, they… they failed.
Tim Sackton: It wasn't a portal after all. It was the…
Tim Sackton: Plane spilling into the material world.
Tim Sackton: And then, a vision of Rye standing on the Istaros.
Tim Sackton: The monks of the…
Tim Sackton: awakened… order of the awakened soul behind him, chanting, feeding energy into him. Reaching out, you can see him now reaching out with his hand, almost trying to manipulate
Tim Sackton: Something, like, feeling for threads of magic and trying to close something.
Tim Sackton: and pulling… with his hand, and something snaps, and you see Rye and the monks vanish.
Tim Sackton: And his hand fragments into 5 pieces and fly away.
Tim Sackton: And you recall that the…
Tim Sackton: Empress of Chaos, the Hobgoblin you interrogated, called…
Tim Sackton: It's not a portal to Limbo.
Tim Sackton: But, vertex, or vortex.
Tim Sackton: And… As the vision begins to fade, you get a sense from… barrel from the constellation that…
Tim Sackton: more and more of Limbo has poured out into…
Tim Sackton: isn't gay into the plaguands over the past couple of months. There are… some…
Tim Sackton: barrier that tied… Energy together, something that… Held in place a massive… quantity of… Energy from limbo was cracked.
Tim Sackton: And more and more of the plane itself has been… growing.
Tim Sackton: In the Plaguands. Chamutz Plain. Shamutz… home dimension.
Tim Sackton: And you have the sense!
Tim Sackton: There's space for a question or two.
David S. Kong: Mike?
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if this is a question we should ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here, but I was just wondering if the heartroot has any kind of extraplanar association, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Because there was that plane of… plants. Yeah. Yeah.
Mike: Awesome.
David S. Kong: But, Mike, you should ask your questions.
Mike: I'm trying to think of them, I'm sorry, it's… I'm, like, a little…
Mike: I missed some of the bits, but,
Mike: You go… if you have a question, go for it.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I don't know if this is a question exactly, but, like.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: If this is the plane of limbo, like, spilling over, does that suggest, like, it's not enough just to… like, somehow we need to shove…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: part of Limbo that spilled over, like, back in again, or like…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Or it's not like a portal as much as, like, it's a wound and somehow we need to, like, suture this plane back together again? Like, what's the… what's the remedy, is sort of the question.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: My follow-up to Schwartz's… that question is basically, like… because, you know, the whole thing was, like, we failed, right? So it's like…
David S. Kong: How did you fail, and what would you do differently now that you know what you… now that you know?
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean, so the implication was supposed to be they went and tried to close a portal.
David S. Kong: That was the portal.
Tim Sackton: But closing a portal and healing a wound are not the same magic.
David S. Kong: That is their…
Tim Sackton: Trying to close a portal that's not a portal ended up… Doing something.
David S. Kong: That works good.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: And what did you?
David S. Kong: He snapped off his hand.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: What was the event that happened a few months ago that made it all worse? That was something we did?
Tim Sackton: Where did you do, like, 3 months ago?
David S. Kong: killed Apollyon?
Tim Sackton: Not something you did, it's more something Apollyon did.
David S. Kong: Polyon…
Mike: Hyron was trying to take a crack out of his prison.
Mike: By mucking with the plane of the… by mucking with the… Land of the Dead?
Mike: Did you do something else that we're forgetting?
Tim Sackton: the… What was the prison made out of?
David S. Kong: Not gingerbread.
Mike: Limbo. Wait, the present was made out of limbo?
Tim Sackton: I think I… maybe this was too subtle, but the elementals that you fought in the…
Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Awake and Jockle were exactly the same as the Elementals that you fought in… that were the Empress of Chaos' minions.
Tim Sackton: Because every time a soul escapes from the…
Tim Sackton: Every time a crack appeared in Apollyon's prison, it spewed more limbo energy out into the world.
David S. Kong: Oh, so by… By destroying the prison.
Tim Sackton: Well, you didn't destroy the prison of Pollyon did, it wasn't your fault.
David S. Kong: Oh, right, right. But by Apollyon destroying the prison, more limbo was leaking out of…
Mike: Because limbo, schmutz thing.
Mike: Wait, did Shamut's death?
Mike: caused this… Schmut's death caused this wound, right? Did it?
Tim Sackton: Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: So do we need to go to, like, the Ehrlich Modest… Ehrlich Pass, and, like… that's probably…
Mike: That's nearby here, right?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Ish?
David S. Kong: Wait, what?
Mike: Like, does, does Beryl think that…
Mike: Shabbat is in any way related to this?
Mike: I mean, sorry, Shamut is in any way related to solving this?
Mike: heel, right? Like…
David S. Kong: Yeah, what would heal the plane?
Tim Sackton: The… the best way?
Tim Sackton: Go to limbo and find a way to pull it all back.
Mike: Oh, that's a great idea.
David S. Kong: What's… that's a great idea.
David S. Kong: And pull it all back.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I mean, it makes sense… I don't know, there's something about that that makes more sense to pull it out from that side than to try and push it through from this side.
David S. Kong: Also, just as a FYI, right, so Rai was with a bunch of monks standing on the river, and then they all instantly disappeared.
David S. Kong: Where do you think they are?
David S. Kong: In limbo.
Mike: Wow, they're probably dead at this point.
David S. Kong: They're not dead. They're in there, trying to… we need to go to limbo and.
Tim Sackton: It was only 30 years ago.
David S. Kong: Yeah, we need… and who knows, maybe, like, you go in there and it's only been a day, you know, it's one of those… one of those things.
David S. Kong: So we go to Limbo now, we help Rye and a bunch of monks pull the plane back into.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good point.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, piss kick.
Mike: actually seems pretty straightforward, other than Wimbo being, like, antithical to all… Life.
David S. Kong: I mean… or does Limbo just had bad PR? You know? Like, is it really that…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I mean, I asked that same question about Apollyon, and no, it didn't turn out to be bad PR.
David S. Kong: That's true.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I wonder that, like, if… if,
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Like, those limbo's like some sort of a… an echo of the material plane, like…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I don't know, we should… there should be some way to find where we need to go.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Find them.
David S. Kong: Like, you should have analogs of all the places that are here.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Sort of? Maybe?
David S. Kong: Is that… is that what Limbo is? Is Limbo, like, Bizarro Material World?
Tim Sackton: No, it's not an echo of the material world at all. It's, like, a complete chaos realm, where everything is…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, yeah, it's not an echo realm.
Tim Sackton: It's not an echo realm, it's like… it's a… it's a total…
Tim Sackton: Place of churning chaos, where nothing holds its shape for long. Stone melts to water, which freezes to fire.
Mike: Can we… can we, like, find, like,
Mike: The Unstable Sphere, this book.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure the Philosopher's Guild could tell you what's in it.
Tim Sackton: With the right payment.
Mike: Right, we should go ask the Philosopher's Guild.
Mike: How to survive in limbo.
David S. Kong: How do we even get there? Do we know how to do that?
Tim Sackton: to Limbo?
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, that's why… that's why Mike can't change out plane shift.
Tim Sackton: For a different 7th level spell, but Eric has a wand, so you can use Eric's wand.
Mike: I mean, we just need something attuned to Limbo, but like… What about that Chaos medal? The Chaos Medal should count, right?
Tim Sackton: That was already asked and answered, yes.
Tim Sackton: That was Eric's first question about the Chaos Medal, was, does it count as a focus or limbo?
Mike: Oh, so we'll just planes shift to limbo, that's easy. I did not swap them out.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Let's go now!
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean…
Mike: Can we at least sleep?
David S. Kong: No long rest, let's just go, immediately.
Mike: I think it might be worth doing a couple things, right? I think this is, like, a good plan. We go to limbo.
Mike: We find the wound on that side, and we pull it back to this side, hopefully with rice.
David S. Kong: What the fuck does that mean, we pull it back? Like, is there just, like, a rope, and we pull on it? Like, what the fuck is that?
Tim Sackton: Maybe you should do a tiny bit of investigation and research before you just teleport to some strange place.
Mike: Right? But I think we need to kind of understand two things, right? One is, how do you survive in limbo?
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: survive and thrive in limbo.
Mike: They like the way you think.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: How do we sober with our strengths.
David S. Kong: You know, we set up a homestead, you know what I mean?
David S. Kong: I'm sorry.
Tim Sackton: Maybe that's what the monks did, for all you know.
David S. Kong: Dude, I feel so bad, the monks and Rye have been in fucking limbo for 30 years, just like, you know… I mean, they're homesteading, they've figured something out. Hopefully it's not one of those… hopefully time is either one-to-one, or like, it's like, they've only been there for an hour, you know, we go there, and then, you know, it's like…
Tim Sackton: It's not like it's been 400 years.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that… oh man, I feel so bad. I would feel really bad for them.
David S. Kong: That's gotta be bad.
Mike: And then the other thing is, obviously, we need to figure out, like.
Mike: How do we, like, poke slimbo Back into limbo?
David S. Kong: Yeah. Like…
Mike: Like, there's probably not just a pull here to reattach Limbo to itself, type thing?
David S. Kong: Here, limbo, limbo, limbo.
Mike: It's just, it's like a little cat. We just feed, you know, get some good food. Actually, that probably would work. The food is probably just, like, the souls of all the people on Tauga or something.
David S. Kong: That's true, that's true. What would attract Limbo back to Limbo? What does Limbo want, if Limbo were personified?
Mike: on making.
Eric Rosenbaum: known.
Mike: order, right? Like, chaos.
David S. Kong: So we bring, like, a lot of really structured things inside Limbo, then it would want to go back inside itself to create chaos, because there's too much structure in there.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: That's interesting.
David S. Kong: So we all go in with, like, very, like, regimented bedtimes.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Diets.
Mike: Lots of…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Lots of right angles.
David S. Kong: completely full ITALs, and we just… we're… and then we're just targets. Limbo's gonna be like, fuck, I don't want to be out there, I gotta go and fix the thing inside.
David S. Kong: I'm being facetious, but I'm also kind of not. Like, maybe the… like, what is the, you know, how do we… how do we track Limo itself?
Mike: Gemstones… diamonds, very regimented, regular type thing. But I actually think we should ask the Philosopher's Guild.
Mike: And then, like, can't we do some of our own research, too?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you have a million Bastion abilities.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah. Well, not a million, like, 4 Bastion abilities that let you…
Tim Sackton: You can use… the…
Tim Sackton: I mean, the library… Let's you learn 3 accurate pieces of information.
Tim Sackton: The Hall of Stories lets you learn…
Tim Sackton: Three accurate pieces of information about a legend, a kind of creature, or a famous object, but… there's probably a way you can make that work.
Tim Sackton: Everyone lets you learn about a location, so limbo is fine.
Tim Sackton: Observatory lets you cast Contact Other Plane, and deal with can also ask.
Tim Sackton: About, and then you have something else, too.
David S. Kong: Tim, by the way, Kenza's gonna carve the story of the Heart Root into his staff.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so, yes, but I mean, the thing that I… the, like,
Tim Sackton: enhanced magic that you got for the heartroot is actually the heartroot, like, growing.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: Through your staff as well, so, like, it's actually growing its own story.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's great. That's great. And it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dominion.
David S. Kong: The elven wood and stuff.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: Yep. The archives lets you also do research.
Tim Sackton: And you also have a reference book about other planes.
David S. Kong: What?
Tim Sackton: In the archives.
David S. Kong: We have so many things to not read or look at.
Tim Sackton: So, you have, like, 3 separate… You have 3 separate… Facilities that let you gain.
David S. Kong: Alright. Seeker.
Tim Sackton: the seven pieces of relevant information about… Secret.
David S. Kong: Leader, leader of our, leader of our,
David S. Kong: Of our research and development lab.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was doing some dream research for a second there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will investigate.
Mike: Can we use Contact Other Plane to contact Rye?
Eric Rosenbaum: If we knew…
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Rise of 2.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Great idea.
David S. Kong: With the other monks.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's worse, right?
David S. Kong: He's in limbo.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the O, yes.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, so it's basically, .
Tim Sackton: I mean, yes, but you can still only get one-word answers.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm… We should… we should be in limbo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should research the spillover phenomenon.
David S. Kong: Well, so, so, Eric, what we realized was, basically, like, 30 years ago, Rye and Beryl hatched up a plan to go and try to, like, push, like, to get the limbo out, and then they showed up, and it wasn't a portal. Instead, it was, like, the plane
David S. Kong: The limbo plane was, like, leaking into our plane, and it turns out that,
David S. Kong: Polyon's cage, every time he was breaking out of it, it was kind of opening up more limbo… limbo juice was kind of squeezing into this dimension. And so now, because Polyon, like, almost got out of his cage, there's all this, like, limbo, there's even more limbo. And then 30 years ago, Rye, when they realized, oh shit, it's not a portal,
David S. Kong: like, there was some moment where, like, he tried to do some shit, and then all the… him and all the monks disappeared, presumably got into Limbo, which is where they've been for the past 30 years. And so now we have to figure out, number one, how to get to Limbo.
David S. Kong: But we can do that pretty easily, because you can just,
David S. Kong: use the Chaos Metal to, teleport… Plane shift. Yeah, plane shift there. But then once we're there, how do we get the Limbo to retract back into Limbo out of the material? Because that's the thing we don't know how to do.
Mike: So… We should be sure to research that. Before we even…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I think there's also, like, a question of how do we survive in limbo, period, like… Survive in limbo.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might not want to go there yet. We can avoid it.
David S. Kong: No, no, we have to go there. That's literally it. We're… the campaign ends with us and the boat, is the…
Mike: Yeah, we're gonna go to limbo. I mean, we… there's no… like, what else would we do here, right?
Mike: He offers.
Tim Sackton: We can hear you.
David S. Kong: Oh no, it's just an ethereal hand.
Tim Sackton: Alex falling asleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm cool.
Tim Sackton: It's Raya's hand.
Tim Sackton: There you go. So… Okay, so, you finished talking to Beryl.
Tim Sackton: And you sort of wake up from this vision with a sort of… a sense of what Beryl had learned from this failed attempt, the sort of instigating event of all… everything that's happened since was…
Tim Sackton: The failed attempt to close a portal that was not actually a portal.
Tim Sackton: And instead, some kind of vortex or spillover wound, some… extra planner…
Tim Sackton: you know, some twisted extraplanar geometry created by the… by Shemut's death that… Caused a gash between
Tim Sackton: Limbo and the material plane.
Tim Sackton: where Izengay is, where the center of the plague that Shemut created was, the most,
Tim Sackton: The place that was… That was the densest of the magic he had.
Tim Sackton: Used to create this plague, and…
Tim Sackton: Over the years, of course, since… the… And, you know, since the…
Tim Sackton: end of the Great War, the influence of Limbo had waxed and waned over time, and…
Tim Sackton: you know, Welby would be familiar with these, like, tales from…
Tim Sackton: you know, Sambaran history from your…
Tim Sackton: stories that your parents and grandparents would have told you. There's the cursed cold when sunlight froze.
Tim Sackton: Instead of… warming things.
Tim Sackton: Other events like this that would just spread out from the plaguands with no rhyme or reason.
Tim Sackton: Somehow connected to the… Now you realize, to the…
Tim Sackton: Waxing and waning of the limbo
Tim Sackton: Wound, for lack of a better word.
Tim Sackton: Until… A few months ago, when the large collection of
Tim Sackton: extra planar energy that Shemut had gathered to hold Apollyon in place.
Tim Sackton: was destroyed.
Tim Sackton: With nowhere to go, it poured into this wound.
Tim Sackton: Bubbling and spilling in a wider and wider stretch around isn't gay.
Tim Sackton: Yes, how do we heal limbo wounds?
Tim Sackton: And now you are left with the idea from Beryl that… what Rye tried to do.
Tim Sackton: The simple thing, close a portal from this side, Will not work.
Tim Sackton: To heal the wound, you have to go… to Limbo itself.
Tim Sackton: And find a way to… Close the gash to the material plane.
Tim Sackton: And then probably go do some cleanup, right? Or…
Tim Sackton: Various things that you'll find out.
David S. Kong: So, should we, do some research on the Limbo Moon thing? I mean, I'm kind of in favor of just, like, going there and then seeing what the hell happens, but yeah, let's maybe do a little bit of research.
Mike: Thanks.
David S. Kong: questions.
Mike: Right.
Mike: Immediately, Tim, as we're sort of learning some of this, I may as well use… I'm gonna go straight to contact the Tanshi.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: parameters, right? The first question is.
David S. Kong: does the…
Mike: If we are trying to go to a specific point in limbo, Does entering limbo
Mike: Does it matter where we enter limbo?
Mike: Like, I'm trying to think of how to phrase that. Like,
Mike: Do we need to enter limbo near the gash to be near the gash in limbo?
Tim Sackton: The answer is… unclear…
Tim Sackton: But you… but the sense of that is… it is unclear if there is even a concept of fixed geometry in limbo.
Tim Sackton: Is it true that there are places that are near other places?
Tim Sackton: unclear.
Tim Sackton: So, does the question have meaning? Unclear.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: That said, common sense says that that…
Tim Sackton: Potentially would be useful, not guaranteed to be useful.
Mike: the…
Mike: Let's see, the other question would be,
Mike: Can we survive in limbo?
Mike: Breathe. Like… Exist, like, not be torn into… torn asunder immediately, etc.
Mike: not survive in the sense of things might attack us, sure, but…
Mike: Can we, like, physically survive in limbo without magical protection?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Are there native inhabitants of Limbo?
Tim Sackton: unknown. The Taunti are not aware, but…
Mike: Limbo is a tough place to study.
Mike: I got 5 questions, right?
Tim Sackton: Yep, that's the…
Mike: Is…
Mike: Any ideas, folks?
Mike: That'll…
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you tie up.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Are Ry or any of his companions still alive in limbo?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Whoa!
Mike: Are… are any of the living… are any of Rye's living companions still sane in limbo?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, our.
David S. Kong: Are we gonna get to, like, be in a battle with Rye on our team as, like, an NPC? That would be… that would be crazy. Or do we have to kill Rye in limbo?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: also amazing.
David S. Kong: Either of those would be really cool.
David S. Kong: Oh my god, what if we have to kill all of our old characters?
Mike: What?
David S. Kong: What if that is the final battle? Because we fight all of our characters from growing up, and we have to murder them all in combat.
David S. Kong: Okay, sorry.
Mike: I propose we pick an item from Regimendos' hoard.
Mike: That seems powerful, or a couple items.
Mike: and ask the… I think we should send two… we should fly to Toland, Right, when we leave here.
Mike: And that'll take us about… that'll be a good length of time. We can do our… all of our Bastion things, right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: facts about Limbo, to ask Rye some… to use… contact other points from our bastion, to contact Rye, and ask some questions of Rye.
Mike: you know.
Mike: And then we should come up with two…
Mike: Like, there's a lot of, like…
Mike: Tim, you have this… there's a whole page of Regrendous's horde, but none of it's identified.
Tim Sackton: Let me see… I'm looking. One sec.
Mike: I went to Party Treasure, and then I went to Regimdros's Horde.
Mike: And at the bottom, there's magic items.
Mike: And there's 12 magic items, but… but it doesn't…
Mike: 12 unusual magic items, but it's not clear how it…
Tim Sackton: Oh, I think most of these were, so…
Mike: Like, did we give a lot of those away?
Tim Sackton: Necklace of… there's the Eyes of Farseeing, Necklace of Fireballs, the…
Tim Sackton: Potion and Vulnerability, which did anybody use? Mike, you might have used that in the…
Tim Sackton: Did you use that in the Apollyon battle?
Mike: Potion of Interability? Yes.
Tim Sackton: There's the Potion of Dragon's Majesty.
Tim Sackton: Which Kenza just used. There's the potion of bottled knowledge, which Seeker used.
Tim Sackton: Oh, there's Dust of Glimness, which, like, you might not need, because… Yeah, no, I could spell that.
Mike: Yep. But, like, the greatsword?
Tim Sackton: There's the Greatsword, there's the Triceratops, there's the Welby's Bow.
David S. Kong: No. There's…
Tim Sackton: the ring of the ocean that you gave to Tilly,
Tim Sackton: There's the Wand of the Plains.
Tim Sackton: And there's the belt that… went to Riswin.
Mike: Okay, so.
Tim Sackton: So most of these are…
Mike: Okay. But the Great Salt…
Tim Sackton: The sword and the Dust of glibniss are probably the most… disposable.
Mike: Right, okay.
Tim Sackton: The Dust of Glimness would be,
Tim Sackton: would be a… I mean, an 8th level spell makes it a… legendary.
Mike: Yay.
Tim Sackton: consumable item.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So that's a… that's pretty… that's likely to be… do pretty well. And the greatsword would be…
Tim Sackton: would be a rare… it's a rare item. It's basically a… Frost Tongue greatsword.
Mike: And then you also have…
Tim Sackton: You have the Dagger of Blind Sight, which is now totally pointless because Welby has True Sight.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, right.
Tim Sackton: So, that's… at least 3… Relatively rare or better items that you presumably don't need.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you have a Polyon's crystal ball…
Mike: Oh, that's a good one, too.
Mike: We should… yeah, so, I mean…
Tim Sackton: Those are the 4 best things. Apollyon's Crystal Ball, the… The dagger of blindsight, the…
Tim Sackton: Dust of Glimness, and the Frostbrand Greatsword.
David S. Kong: Let's, let's give the greatsword and the goodness stuff. What's Apollyon's, thing do?
Tim Sackton: It's a crystal ball, it lets you cast scrying at will.
David S. Kong: I feel like… I feel like… I feel like that… that one we should save for another moment. That feels like a… that feels like a good, you know…
David S. Kong: We looked up.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: There's also the sentimental value that it's a polyon's crystal ball.
David S. Kong: That's what I'm saying! That's what I'm saying.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: That, that increases its value.
David S. Kong: Like, it's collector value of both what… Absolutely. Yeah, it's a one-of-one, like… Right!
David S. Kong: Yeah, I feel like for this bit of information.
David S. Kong: The greatsword, and the other thing.
Tim Sackton: A dust of glimness.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's do that.
Mike: And the attacker.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: But I… I think we want two, so the thing is, I was thinking of asking them two questions.
Mike: 3 items for two.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the dust of glimness is a very…
Tim Sackton: is a legendary item, that gets you a lot of information. The Greatsword is a rare item, which gets you
Tim Sackton: Like, a good amount.
David S. Kong: Great, those two.
Mike: Wait, can't we trade two items for one question? Or is it just one for one?
David S. Kong: What are you doing? Like, this is two, two, one, one, one item for one question.
Mike: So I was gonna ask two questions of them. One is, how do we survive in limbo?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: The other is.
Mike: Survive and thrive, right? How do we become our best… how do we be our best limbo selves?
David S. Kong: How do we self-actualize in limbo?
Mike: And then the second question was,
Mike: How, how do you, how do you heal all.
David S. Kong: The wounds, yeah.
Mike: How do you…
Tim Sackton: Feel a limbo wound.
David S. Kong: Yes, that's the big one. That's the big one.
Mike: And I think we do the lidness on the heel of wound, and we do the, right.
Tim Sackton: Perfect. Other greatsword.
Mike: See, I… why not give up the dagger, too? We don't want it. Nobody wants it.
David S. Kong: Save it! That could be another situation where we gotta ask another question, dude. Why are you just writing giveaway items right now? We just, just, we're good.
Mike: We get more better info the more we give up.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Well, we… if they give us crummy info, we can always… we can always go up.
Tim Sackton: You're not gonna get bad info.
Mike: That's me.
Tim Sackton: a rare item. You might not get the most info you can possibly learn.
Mike: I guess that's true.
Tim Sackton: They're not gonna be…
David S. Kong: They'll let this ban from negotiating further with, with the, no, no, we're not giving away items just to give them away, we're…
Tim Sackton: And, anytime you wanna,
Tim Sackton: volunteer a member of your party to commit to joining the Philosopher's Guild, they'll give you a free question.
David S. Kong: Frank Carr?
Mike: Seeker! See?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Fragar first, and then seekar.
Mike: Frego.
David S. Kong: I thought we're committed.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Other people who have not consented to join.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, Eric's asleep right now, you can't commit CK.
David S. Kong: Wait, wait, wait, not Frank Art. Who's the name of the other dwarf?
Mike: Haldrick.
Tim Sackton: Oh, fault.
David S. Kong: Terrick, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I don't think the Philosopher's Guild would accept Faldrick. Why? To be perfectly honest.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Old!
David S. Kong: That's messed up.
Tim Sackton: Maybe they would.
David S. Kong: That's discriminatory.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Anti-dwarfist.
David S. Kong: Yeah, totally.
Tim Sackton: No, they're a little… he's a little.
David S. Kong: He's a little? He's a little?
Mike: Yeah, anti-dwarfist!
David S. Kong: Yeah, sure.
Mike: rain!
David S. Kong: Is this a… is that a… is this like a, we need a fit… a fit military thing, or what's the… is it, like, a…
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, it's cause he has a beard. He needs to not have a beard now, huh?
David S. Kong: Earth.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the point of this is that I know what information you want to learn, so I can send you a bunch of information on Thursday before you go to Nantucket, and then when you're on the ferry, you can all talk about it. Perfect.
David S. Kong: Brilliant. You've got the two questions for the Philosopher's Guild.
Tim Sackton: what's your other, like, res… so you've… you… over the course of.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Fly the toll in.
David S. Kong: Okay, the third thing we want to learn is how to bioremediate. How do we clean up the damage that's already been done? That's the third big research question.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: And then 3B is… then what do we do with the heart route? I mean, probably, once all that's done, we just throw it in the river.
Mike: Yeah, that's… that one's fine.
David S. Kong: Pretty straightforward.
Mike: Yeah, we just toss it, that's not a big deal.
Mike: I think there's a question of…
Mike: like, we should hang out in Toland until we get the answers, right? Like, maybe we want to, like, all get tattoos of limbo protection or something like that, right? Like…
Mike: Let's, let's… let's, like, get the answers before we leave Toland, because Toland's a good city to…
Mike: And, like, it's not a bad idea, we could go back to Tolin, we were like…
Mike: We didn't leave Tolin in… Any bad way.
Tim Sackton: No, but people in Tolin like you.
Mike: Yeah, and we have, like.
Tim Sackton: Tom can decide if Kenza wants to reconnect with that.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Mike: What's her name?
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's got a love interest in Tolin. Beryl's got a love interest in Tolin.
Mike: That what you mean?
David S. Kong: Delta's 11.
Mike: The centaur was never a love interest, except in Ketzo's mind.
David S. Kong: Don't fight it! Don't fight it. They almost just gotta, just gotta flow with it. Just gotta flow with it.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: It hasn't happened yet, like, it's… it can happen,
Mike: You guys can write, like, like…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: You gotta give it time.
Mike: fanfic, where Delwith hooks up with the centaur.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, we've written it.
Mike: It's real!
David S. Kong: Yeah…
Tim Sackton: So… Over the course of a few weeks, you spend time in Tolin.
Tim Sackton: trade some info… trade some items to the Philosopher's Guild.
Tim Sackton: use the libraries of your Bastion, and also the University at Tolin, and all of the resources there.
Tim Sackton: to… Try to figure out as much as you can about how to survive and thrive in limbo.
Tim Sackton: How to heal a limbo wound.
Tim Sackton: And… how to… Decontaminate the material plane.
Tim Sackton: And over the course of… A few weeks…
Tim Sackton: Maybe up to a month, you spend time in Tolin, learning this information.
Tim Sackton: And I think…
Tim Sackton: This is what I wanted to accomplish for this session. If there's other… happy… if there's other things you want to include in your
Tim Sackton: Poland research, but like I said, my goal is to…
Tim Sackton: write a little info packet that I can send to you that you all can read when you're on the boat, coming to Nantucket.
Tim Sackton: Well, you'll get in late, so we're not gonna actually play a session on…
Tim Sackton: On Thursday night, because you won't get in… you won't get to the house till, like, 10.30 or something like that, but…
Tim Sackton: if you have all the info, you can, like, do all your… we don't need to be there for all your planning and stuff. And then on Friday, we can start with you actually knowing what you're gonna do, and not spending half of Friday planning. This is my plan anyway. You might spend half of Friday planning anyway.
David S. Kong: Well, Tim, because to Mike's point, if there is… if we learn cool things about, like, what we should do, then maybe we can… so that way, if we need to get, like, anti-limbo tattoos, we can kind of do that.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: For sure. That's the type of thing that we get.
Tim Sackton: If there's any, like, addition…
Tim Sackton: magic items you want to acquire, or anything, or tattoos, or whatever in Tolin, we can do that.
Tim Sackton: like, Thursday night when you get… that's not… we don't need to do a session on that, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, perfect.
Mike: Also, we don't necessarily have to roleplay this out, but we should stop in Orinloss on our way from Tolin to Izige. It's right on the way. We should go talk to that ancient elf woman.
Mike: who fought Apollyon, and be like, dude, we killed him. It's, like, all better now. I mean, it's not really all better, like, he still destroys your home, but, like…
Mike: Don't you think she'd want to know?
Mike: We never even used her five… our five meta resources of what would she do? We only.
Tim Sackton: No, I think 2 is the one, but I used to.
Mike: like, two.
Tim Sackton: One or two, yeah.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: But also, the elves… might also have some ideas about Limbo.
David S. Kong: Oh, maybe they can help us do the cleanup, too. Yeah. I feel like the cleanup should be a community activity.
Mike: It's like river cleanup, right?
David S. Kong: Literally, literally, it's a feel-good, like, we bring all the people together, we all, you know, do the thing, and then we all, we all put the heart root in together, you know what I mean? And it's like a whole, you know, and then it's just like, like a beautiful, you know…
Mike: I don't know if it's… Tim, I don't know if it's worth…
Mike: I don't know if you want to, like, run it as a privilege to the adventure, or skip over it, but I think we should stop at Orinloss on our way.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, maybe we'll do… I mean, maybe we'll just do a little role-playing, sitting around…
Tim Sackton: the house on Thursday night when people get in.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Oh, that'll be fun. Yeah.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But I think… so this is… okay, just to… just to make sure I've got everything. So… the bioremediation question is gonna be from Tolin Library, Bastion Libraries, Seeker's Brain.
Tim Sackton: But not Philosopher's Guild.
Tim Sackton: the Gila wound… It's gonna be all that… plus legendary item.
Tim Sackton: The dust of glimness.
Tim Sackton: And then the… How do you live in…
Tim Sackton: in limbo is gonna be all that, plus rare item.
Mike: the Greatsword.
Tim Sackton: a greatsword.
Mike: And… Sorry, I had one other thought. We're gonna use our contact other planes from the Bastion.
Tim Sackton: Right. To contact Rye?
Mike: And ask 5 questions.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, if you care about what the five questions are, you should tell me. If you don't care, I'll pick things that would be the most useful for you.
David S. Kong: Let's just see that.
Mike: Well, there's a few that I think we should ask, like,
Mike: Well, obviously, if we contact Rye successfully, the first thing is simply the act of contacting Rye successfully implies Ry is not dead.
Mike: Right? Right.
David S. Kong: He's there with the monks, they're all doing limbo stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Ant's still sane!
Mike: But I think we should, like, ask, like.
Tim Sackton: Well, you didn't ask, are all of them sane?
Mike: No.
Mike: Just any.
Mike: But I did ask Rye's companions, not Rai.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Right? So…
David S. Kong: Yeah, like…
Mike: We should… we should… like, I think the focus of the questions on Rye should be, like, are the monks alive? Like.
Mike: Are the bugs near you? Like, you know, can you…
Mike: Can you move? Like, can you… can you navigate through limbo?
Mike: Right? If we appeared and told you where we were, could you get to us?
Mike: that… that rust of question, right? Like, like.
David S. Kong: Well, it's also, wait, wait, but, well, but also, critically, like, what if Ry's like, you forgot to bring the fucking, you know, I told you, you really need to bring, like, the spray paint, you know, you gotta, you know, like, we're all stuck there for 30 years, if we just show up, and then all of a sudden, like, no, you have to bring the, you know, it's like… The problem is this yes or no questions. Yeah, so it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, are they?
David S. Kong: I'm gonna ask, like, what do you need, Rye?
Tim Sackton: Shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes or no, or one word?
Tim Sackton: That's one word.
Mike: But I thought it was one word… You can't be white.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Mike: you can't be like, what is the most important thing to bring to Limbo? One-word answers only, right? Or can you?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: I mean, we could just ask, do you need us to bring anything.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: particular with us.
David S. Kong: Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: And if Rai says yes, then what are you gonna do?
David S. Kong: what What? What? What should we run?
Mike: I always thought the spell was, like, you could… you could expand on yes or no to, like, maybe, or… that's unclear, but it's not, like… you can't be, like, bananas.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's not… it's not really…
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: But, like, even if we just knew that we had… that we needed a thing, like… I mean, like, what we're trying to ask is, like, do we need to bring any ingredients with us?
David S. Kong: Really, yeah.
Mike: If we just know yes, then we've got other avenues to figure out which ingredients those are.
Mike: Yeah, no, I think it's a good question.
David S. Kong: It's crucial, critical, I can totally imagine. We show up, and they're like… and then we're like, oh, fuck, we're all stuck here together now, oh no, you know, now we're stuck for another 30 years, until the next idiots come, and then show up and don't bring the thing, you know?
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, obviously there's something more complicated going on, because presumably Rye could just cast Planeshift.
David S. Kong: Yeah, presumably he's fuckin' powerful as fuck, right? So, so this is, you know…
David S. Kong: That's why, like, I feel like we just roll up.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Maybe, maybe, I mean, and hear me out, maybe the secret is that Limbo is AMAZING, and nobody who goes there wants to come back again.
David S. Kong: This is what I'm saying. The whole thing, it's just like this big ruse to get us to think it's this horrible, chaotic place.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Why do we need to expand the rift instead of close it?
David S. Kong: C.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's in your meeting room.
David S. Kong: What's that, Eric?
Eric Rosenbaum: Limbo's obviously a waiting room, but it's a waiting room for somewhere awesome.
David S. Kong: I like that idea.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I think… I think I have the idea, I can… I think I can take this and make, like, a nice little packet of in-world information for you.
Tim Sackton: Anything else? I don't wanna… I mean, we've played a lot recently, and everybody's tired, I see no reason to stretch.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: So, but if anybody thinks of anything they want to know, you know.
Tim Sackton: send me a text, or just text the thread, and I can add info to your stuff. I'm not gonna send you
Tim Sackton: a little packet until, like, the Thursday that you're coming, because I assume everybody's gonna read it before you're on the boat.
Mike: That's true. We, we don't have to do this now, we could do this by text, obviously, but we gotta sort out,
Mike: Food.
Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: Metal Brighton.
Tim Sackton: Well, we need 2 dinners.
Mike: We need Friday and Saturday dinner. Schwarzene and I are gonna go shopping. My plan is to go shopping in Hyannis. We'll have the trucks.
Tim Sackton: I'll do that by tax, because I'm gonna go shopping.
Tim Sackton: tuck it, because I'm there for the whole week.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Let's… let's…
Mike: Yeah, we'll figure it out. We'll figure it out later. I just…
Mike: Remind people that we need to sort that out. Right. Is all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Okay.
David S. Kong: Guys.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Alright.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: real soon.
David S. Kong: Yeah, two weeks!
Tim Sackton: In Nantucket.
David S. Kong: I would full-on, like, if you had a YouTube channel that was just you and the cat crawling all over you, I would watch that. Although, this whole session, I was so satisfied just watching that little… it's like, it's such a vibe, like, you and the cat, because, you know, the cat's like this tiny little cat.
Mike: Yeah. Wait, sorry, does she have a name, or no? Not yet.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: No, not yet. Not yet.
David S. Kong: Welby. Her name is Welby. Is it a she?
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Yeah, yeah, female.
David S. Kong: Yeah, her name is Welby.
Mike: Yeah, Welby, Welby's… Welby works. Welby's a good cat name.
Rev. David Schwartz, Unitarian Universalist Church of Boulder: Just couldn't. Good name.
Mike: Yeah?
Mike: Alright, good night, everyone.
Tim Sackton: Hey, everybody.